
## **HW5**
### Exercise 1
Define a tail-recursive  function named mymap that works exactly like the predefined function map on a single list. Recall that in the lecture we have defined the recursive function my-map that works like that but it's not tail-recursive. Now you just need to rewrite that my-map function as a tail recursive function.

Here are sample evaluations of mymap along with equivalent evaluation of the predefined function map:


**Notes**
not tail-recursive version of map
```racket
(define (my-map ...))
```


### Exercise 2
Define a function named `checkerboard` that takes two arguments `n` and `sz`, and returns a checker board of `n` squares each has size `sz`. 

Below are sample evaluations of this function:

The definition of the `checkerboad` function should have the following local definitions:

1. Two variables named `redblock` and `blackblock` that are bound to a red square of size `sz`, and a black square of size `sz`, respectively.
2. A local function named `backred-list` that takes one argument `m` and returns a list of `m` alternative red/black squares of size `sz`, where the last element is a red square. For example,
- if `m=5`, the list returned by the function `backred-list` should look like Blackred-list-5.png
- if `m=6`, the list returned by the function `backred-list` should look like blackred-list-6-1.png 
3. A local function named `redblack-list` that takes one argument `m` and returns a list of m alternative red/black squares of size `sz`, where the last element is a black square. For example,
- if` m=5`, the list returned by the function `redblack-list` should look like  redblack-list-5.png
- if `m=6`, the list returned by the function `redback-list` should look like  redblack-list-6.png
4. A local function named `row-list` that takes one argument `m` and returns a list of `m` figures that correspond to the rows of an `m`x`m` checkerboard. For example,
- if` m=5`,  the list returned by the function `row-list` should look like row-list-5.png  
- if `m=6`,  the list returned by the function `row-list` should look like row-list-6.png

To define those local functions, you may use the predefined function `even?` which takes an integer as argument and returns true if and only of its argument is even.


Local Binding w/ `define`

```racket
(define (four p)
  (define two-p (hc-append p p))
  (vc-append two-p two-p))
```




**Local Binding**
Definitions at the start of the function body are local to the function body
```racket
(define (converse s)
    (define (starts? s2)
        (define spaced-s2 (string-append s2 " ")) ; local to converse
        (string-prefix? s spaced-s2))               ; local to starts?
    (cond
        [(starts? "hello") "hi!"]
        [(starts? "goodbye") "bye!"]
        [else "huh?"]))
```

The `map` Function

```racket
(define (example p)
  (map (lambda (color)
         (colorize p color))
       (list "red" "orange" "yellow" "green" "blue" "purple")))
```